= minitest-stackprofit

home :: https://github.com/seattlerb/minitest-stackprofit
rdoc :: http://docs.seattlerb.org/minitest-stackprofit

== DESCRIPTION:

A minitest plugin that runs your tests and outputs a stackprof
profile. This lets you quickly and easily determine the bottlenecks in
your code under test!

* Make it right. (test first)
* Make it work.  (get to green)
* Make it fast.  (optimize)

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* Provides a `--stackprof <path>` argument so you can make multiple
  profiles to compare over time.
* Provides a `--stackprof-type (wall|cpu|object)` argument so you can
  profile in different ways.

== SYNOPSIS:

  % rake TESTOPTS="--stackprof=profile.dump"
  Run options: -g --seed 59120

  # Running:

  ..............................................................................
  ..............................................................................
  ..............................................................................
  ...................................................

  Finished in 0.145769s, 1955.1482 runs/s, 5769.4023 assertions/s.

  285 runs, 841 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors, 0 skips

  % stackprof profile.dump
  ==================================
    Mode: wall(1000)
    Samples: 999 (0.20% miss rate)
    GC: 0 (0.00%)
  ==================================
       TOTAL    (pct)     SAMPLES    (pct)     FRAME
         999 (100.0%)         999 (100.0%)     Something#very_slow
         999 (100.0%)           0   (0.0%)     TestMinitest::TestStackprof#test_wall_slow
         999 (100.0%)           0   (0.0%)     Minitest::Test#run
         999 (100.0%)           0   (0.0%)     Minitest::Test#capture_exceptions
         ... blah blah blah ...

== REQUIREMENTS:

* minitest
* stackprof (`gem install stackprof`)
* ruby 2.6+

== INSTALL:

* [sudo] gem install minitest-stackprofit

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) Ryan Davis, seattle.rb

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
